hello stars fans welcome back to Texas
Stars Hockey calm Josh Beshear joined by
the goaltender for the Texas Stars tie
their best Kalani and of course we're
talking some cool stuff today we're
talking artwork talking goalie mask and
I know you just got a new mask here in
the last few weeks and we're going to
talk about that momentarily but where
I'd really like to start is the idea and
everything behind your first mask here
if you just kind of want to walk us
through and part of the design and we'll
just start here with the front sure
really basically all I did was I really
wanted to represent you know the North
Stars and you know where where the
Dallas Stars came from really and then
kind of represent the whole Texas side
of it you know with the Texas being the
Texas Stars and kind of add in a little
bit of both sides from the Dallas Stars
and the Texas stars here so that's kind
of what I did and then I said I wanted
to throw in my name on the front my
nickname vesko you know a little touchy
in the back I put my my parents initials
and then my brothers and their shows
just some Lightning going on in here -
yeah the painter kind of threw that in
kind of electrifies the the change I
don't know if you guys can see this but
from the gold background on this side to
a darker background here it's got a
little transition there were stars over
to the Dallas Stars with the Texas logo
there yeah so you know I just kind of
gave gave the painter a couple of ideas
and you never want to take away the
creativity of of an artist and so you
know it's that's what I did he threw and
you know he threw in the lightning he
threw in the holographic stars and the
North Stars here the stars in the
he kind of threw all that stuff himself
it it's he did a really good job with
this mask and I couldn't be happier with
it and now you got another one that just
came in and so it's out with the old and
in with the new yeah but you got really
creative on this new one it's pretty
cool stuff going on here talk us through
this one and obviously working with
Texas stars equipment manager Brian
Garcia and some ideas and you know mr.
Garcia's got some really good artwork
ideas too
yeah you know I mean we really wanted to
bring in the music side of Austin you
know being the capitol of Music in
Boston so we threw in a little really
Nelson on this side here you know he's
from he's from Texas so I really felt
like he would he would fit really good
on this helmet so I threw him on that
side and then on the other side I threw
a little Johnny Cash you know everybody
knows the the Johnny Cash story yeah we
had a heart and he's just a country star
he really really bought brought country
into to our world and I'm really down
the middle you have basically a filler
from that side to that side it's kind of
an outerspace type of deal with the
shooting star down the middle a couple
of stars here I really wanted to bring
in you know the stars i aspect of it
didn't we'll just want to have artists
and on my helmet so I threw the outer
space and with the Stars and whatnot and
then on the back I threw my name again
vesko and then guys around here like to
call me Waldo because of the way I wear
my hat sometimes in my toque so I like
to have the hair out in front so I I
kind of took on the nickname Waldo last
year and the guys thought it would be
pretty cool if I threw it on so I said
what the heck why not
it came up really good this one as well
you know the facial features with within
the Johnny Cash and really nice and you
know even even the Where's Waldo on the
back so it you know this this mess was
really nice as well
a lot of people ask me why I didn't put
my number on the front well here I'm
number 32 and you know if whenever I get
called up we all know that's house
number 32 and I'm number 34 up there so
it wouldn't really match with what I'm
going with here I tried to get 34 down
here but we all know who I was 34 down
here and some guy named gastic yeah
someone told me the fighting Ford I kind
of good luck with that yeah obviously
one with a silver-colored
facemask in that sense of the grid here
yeah well actually I started out with a
gold mask and then my first game with it
I took a shot in San Antonio and bent
the cage right in and so I switched it
out to the silver and then two games
after that I took another shot and bent
the cage same spot same everything and
so this is my third cage now on this
helmet that's my other one that's my
first the original cage on that one so a
couple couple of little more chips on
this one then in this helmet hopefully
we can keep this one a little little
cleaner let's call all right well thanks
for taking the time to show us your new
mask your old mask and talk us through
the whole thing that goes with it
everybody this is tyler bass Kewanee i'm
josh Fisher and this is Texas stars
hockey calm